3.7,"Beware the valet service at Pegasus!I had the misfortune of dining at Pegasus a few months ago.  The food was <n>unremarkable</n> and we regretted not choosing Greek Islands across the street as we usually do when in town, but the worst part came as we were driving home and discovered several items missing from the car after using their valet!  I called the restaurant but didn't get anywhere.  Eventually I decided to forget about it since the items didn't amount to more than a couple hundred dollars in value - small amount of cash, umbrellas, car charger and cables, sunglasses, etc.I probably wouldn't have written this review, but after a neighbor heard my story, they told something interesting about their experience at Pegasus.  They had used the valet service and when they asked for the car back the attendant walked straight to the car without going to the key box.  Then the attendant opened the unlocked car and pulled the keys from under the mat!  Everything was in full view since the valet parking is just across the street from restaurant entrance.  My neighbor was shocked and fortunately didn't have anything in the car to be stolen, but how easy would it have been for someone to just take the car!I think something fishy is going on here.  If anyone else has had a similar experience please respond.Of course I understand that you have to be careful with any valet service, and I regret being foolish enough to have left some valuables in the car, but leaving cars unlocked with keys in them is just plain inexcusable.  Everyone I have told the story to wonders if the valet didn't have a partner going through the cars.  It's a perfect set up since the restaurant doesn't take responsibility for it.Also, we didn't discover our items missing until we had left Chicago, but if someone else finds items missing at the Pegasus valet, call the police immediately!  They need to know what is going on to make a record and investigate.  You'll probably never get your stuff back, but if enough attention is brought to the problem, maybe it can be prevented for others.,",Pegasus,Chicago
